index.markdown, before:

---
layout: index
published: true
---

## Hey Mozillians, Be Open!

Part of what makes the open community unique is a unique way of working. [Mozilla] (http://mozilla.org) is committed to open not only at the level of technology, but also in terms of how we work  -- for decision-making, discussion, working on specific tasks and bugs, communications and community. It's a defining part of our culture and history. 

That culture and way of working faces new challenges and opportunities. Our community has grown enormously. The scope and complexity of Mozilla products has increased. Specific business requirements can clash with the goal of transparency and community participation. **As the open community grows exponentially, we strain our traditional culture and systems.**

Working open can be messy and difficult — but it’s still essential to our continued success.

Here’s what Mitchell Baker had to say about Mozilla being open in 2013:

>The hidden costs of becoming a conventional organization — and following the best practices of other organizations — >are huge. And maybe a silent killer. We can’t just adopt what everybody else does, where no one can say anything >publicly. When we do that, we go slow, we lose agility, and we lose the personality that attracts people to Mozilla.

In this course, we will reaffirm open as our default way to work. Working in the open carries risks. Sometimes individuals’ blog posts are mis-reported or misunderstood. Sometimes early prototypes get treated as product releases or set-in-tone ideas. 
		
## Where did the content come from?

Much of the content of this course was built with loving attention by Mozillians and other open practioners. We've remixed open content from across the web, but would like to give special thanks to:

* [Matt Thompson](http://openmatt.org)--a champion of open, and someone who takes the time and effort to document a great many open resources so that we can create content like what you'll find in this course.

* [Facilitators of Open](https://etherpad.mozilla.org/summit-sessions-saturday-practicingopen) In 2013 a number of people ran workshops at the Mozilla Summit on the practice of working open. They brainstormed, documented, collected, and published a great many resources.

* [Peer 2 Peer University](http://p2pu.org)--they build learning communities on the web. They are also a 100% open organization that practices what it preaches, and serve as a stellar example for openness.

* [School of Open](http://schoolofopen.org) The School of Open helps the general public learn about open licensing and open practices. There's amazing and wonderful content explaining the why of open, and we'll not be rewriting it. Instead, we'll pull together specific resources for working openly within Mozilla, and point to our friends and kindred spirits on all the other stuff ;)
			
## I'm in--how do I get started?
Head over [here](http://discourse.webmaker.org/t/come-introduce-yourself-hi/111/104) say hello! Then start thinking about these concepts.

Commit message:

starting to sync with emma & reps work

index.markdown, after:

---
layout: index
published: true
---

## Learning, Teaching and Growing Community

The Mozilla Reps program aims to empower and support volunteer Mozillians who want to become official representatives of Mozilla in their region/locale, or functional area.

Education and Training are a key piece in empowering our community as individuals, contributors and community builders.  While many modules will be focused on Reps, and Rep activities, participation is open to all.

<hr>

Join our Community Education Call!  <a target="_blank" href="https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/mozilla.com/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=aHZoc2M2OXU4dnVtcGVodmVnMWdlajNqbjhfMjAxNTAyMDVUMTcwMDAwWiBlaXJ3aW5AbW96aWxsYS5jb20&tmsrc=eirwin%40mozilla.com"><i class="fa fa-heart fa-2x" ></i></a>

<hr>

<i class="fa fa-github fa-2x" ></i> [This platform](https://github.com/emmairwin/reps-edu/) and [all curriculum](https://github.com/emmairwin/community_curriculum) can be found on Github, please help us improve and localize.
